	The UML design utilizes three models that include conferences, teams, and players. Ideally, the relationships to each model are designed for a player to only belong to one team and conference, a team to only belong to one conference and possess zero to many players, and a conference to contain zero to many teams and players. These models will be able to be a blueprint to populate the model’s webpage link with the many attributes associated with the model.	For the conference model, the attributes are conference name, year founded, current conference champion, teams in the conference, number of teams, and commissioner of the conference. These attributes ‘data is scraped from webpages from the backend side.  The team’s attribute will be a table that interacts with the database to extract the correct teams that belong to the conference. Each team in the conference will also have a link to their team model. These attributes are subject to change with further exploration into the backend web data scraping process. Including links to each conference’s social media pages and webpages involving the conference can provide a better way a user can view additional content about the conference. There can also be links to news that will include possible membership changes.	Next, the team model includes the attributes team name, location, roster, schedule, head coach, and conference they belong to. The team model differs from the conference model by having tables for the roster, which will possess links for each player model, and a schedule that will be extracted from a table in the database that contains each game played during the season. There are likely to be modifications to the model to include links to team webpages and social media feeds in the future. These links can allow users to gain more access to the history of a team, and news involving the recruiting process the team is going through. Also, including links to future schedules can provide a unique look into the a program’s future and possible opportunities to buy tickets to upcoming games.	The final model is for the players. This model’s attributes include player name, jersey number, player’s position, team they play for, height, weight, and hometown. In the future, the model will include statistics for each player during the season that will be pulled from the database table that includes each player’s statistics. There are other potential attributes to be added depending on the backend process of pulling more information on the players. Other links like articles that include the player, webpages with information on the player, and social media aspects that are associated with the athlete. This can provide information that represents the impact a player has on their respective team.	At the moment, the UML is a basic overview that will interact with the database to extract the correct data and correspond to the API based off the types of the models and their associated relationships to each model. There are possibilities of adding more models and deleting other models to the UML design to create a better correspondence to the API.