
conceptual website design:
	The layout and design of the website was first conceptually mapped out, and a rough draft version was drawn out on paper. From here, a pre-made bootstrap template was picked based on how well it fit with our desired layout. The template was cut and edited, and pieces of code that were not applicable to the desired website design were deleted, leaving the bare minimum pieces of code that were applicable to our design. From here, the draft design was reviewed, and the remaining non-implemented parts of the design were brought to light.

implementation of base page model:
	Referencing the Bootstrap pre-made template, a base page model was created that consisted of the custom "College Football Database" title, followed by a navigation bar that linked to the three main pages: Home, NCAA FBS, and About. The base model then had a scrolling white block with various text and column options, followed by a white page footer. A grassy field background was created and added to the base model background, to be implemented on every page throughout the site. This base model was used to create each of the subsequent pages needed to complete the layout design.

website layout implementation:
	The layout of the website begins at the root: the Home page. From here, a navigation bar allows the user to travel to the NCAA FBS and the About pages. An additional navigation bar holds links to Conferences Table, Teams Table, and Players Table web pages. From the first navigation bar, The home page consists of a brief, visually appealing intro to the site, while the NCAA FBS page consists of the list of NCAA FBS Division 1 conferences, with all the teams listed under each conference. Each of these conferences and teams lists are made of links to an individual profile page for the conference and for each of the teams. The conference profile page holds statistical data about the selected conference, and lists each team in the conference, also with a link to each of the team's profiles. The team profile page holds statistical data about the selected team, including the team schedule for the upcoming year and the previous year's team roster. The roster lists links of each of the players on the roster that link to an individual player profile page for the selected player. The player profile page shows data about the selected player, including the name, number, photo, height, weight, etc. for the player, and also includes links back to the player's team profile. The final page on the first navigation bar is the About page, which holds information about the website design team: the Graybeards. This page gives the team bio and stats, along with a personal bio and the stats for each team member. For the second navigation bar, that holds each of the tables, the first page is the Conferences Table page. This page has a sortable table holding all of the conferences, along with the relevant sortable data. The next page is the Teams Table page, holding a sortable table holding all of the teams in the NCAA FBS division, along with their relevant sortable data. The final page on this navigation bar is the Players Table page, which holds a sortable table listing all players from all teams, along with their relevant sortable pieces of data. 


